it  does make a difference but it's one probability if you buy one package of pagan that doesn't mean that
the  grocery store he bought from like automatically purchases one more pacable you know one more takeshi wavering
political  authority
think  it's a real warning
real  red
people  pose the problem
of  probability
of
you  were really brief example
if  we're debating whether or not the united state
torture  investigating her
and  some one says you will water the as water the chance
that  a completely innocent person is on
in  a subtle way that lets you know that their viewing the problem that with
such  a stew with such a distorting bias
skipping  over the most fundamental
either  opposed to the use of torture and interrogations or we are
why  is this being posed
odds  or probability
instead  there's anyway ackerman there is a sure probability that be you know manager of the white
part  of the person with this is her revery that he or she will say pay we keep
selling  out of matinee banished go ahead and order extricate will you be on luther
people  who are kind of aspiring political
and  they would present arguments
for  example at that time it was popular for people
refused  to buy
but  something made in china you were supporting china as ours
to  be
i  came and went to day he might hear that more commonly said about israel palestine
and  i would ask
it's  a legitimate argument
tell  someone
refuse
of  the odd
the  probability
they're  paying
person  to shoot another person
stab  in the
whether  it's the drug production
smuggling  you know the cross border traffic
rival  gangs fighting each other or the drug addicts
they  can afford look
do  you not think your paying money into a cycle of sue
immoral  and at
for  me the point was
probability  based argument is ultimately observed its ultimately relevant what i want
to  get to in this discussion for the reason socratic method or not what one gets too is
whether  or not there is a chance that by buying this particular bag of cocaine whether not there's a chance
that  your pain for human life to be taken that somebody was killed to get this cocaine
this  there's a chance there were odds there are static
there's  a probability you're paying for a human life that was lost to produce smuggle
or  deal this
but  to me that ridicule
one  percent
that  if you use cocaine your pocket if you use crack
you  are crackin
what's  one percent certain is the judgment on your character is the
answer  to the question what kind of person do you want to be
it's  the question of what kind of more responsibility you are going to take for your
own  actions
that  inevitably have
when  i rings were action were talking about a small chance of making a much larger difference the same is true was doing right so
to  be clear the truly resourceless is making her
i
consumer  boycott
executing  someone
this  is a form of execution found in the bible
to  say a crowd of people holding on
throwing  stones at someone again and again
until  their
politically  and historically very address
she  is making a comparison
completely  sure completely idiotic
between  the unassumed boycott which is only one element of the
execution  by
there  is a contest where one more rock late difference between the person dying or not i
easting  off early one cause some ruining of later on the person was already going to die from you know kittie
whatever  it
eminent  no
if  you participate in carrying out a death
if  you participate as judge jury and
doesn't  matter if you throw the heaviest rock or if he threw the tiniest
by  participating in the stoning you are implicated
executing  this person
for  which as
just  say as a hypothetical example in biblical times some one was accused of which
craft  and you participated you help the carrion
i  can't imagine how she came to this fundamentally anti einar ament
in  the course of preaching degenism to some one who finds all the arms
utterly  in evening it's very strange
but  by the same token either you are some one who refuses to participate
in  the animal product industry in fact reforming in slaughter houses sons
either  some one who refuses or your some one who participates in
makes  excuses for
whether  that is the tiniest pebble where the heaviest
so  there are people who call themselves began but who will wear a leather coat
and  they have an excuse this to my brother but this leather coat
there  were begins just like us was who will buy meat
who  will pay some one to kill a cow cropped up at the pieces and put it in a can but the head
these  will there buying meat but there buying it to feed to their cat their
buying  it to feed to the dock the binet won't either themselves
maybe  it's the tiniest pebble may be is the heaviest stone but if you are
actually  opposed to this death
if  you are actually opposed to this judgment or maybe your opposed to persecuting and executing
witches  in principle and general in the nuncle you will not
throw  that stone if i have like a small section at a small area and
i  think garbage there i can get rid of that garbage and make my small section like better because i have like direct
control  over this like thing much in the same way that a manikkasari comment to a person there it's like this
area  where i can have legitimate good or bad like yes or no impact on a percussive like right then
but  when everything becomes generalized because much harder to feel like i should make like big sacrifices
or  go on my way to complish some
is  correct in his premise here
coming  to the wrong conclusion or he could say he's correct and stating this cone
just  being
using  the
here  from a vegan athlete this has been upon my blog for years
why  do you become began
because  i only have control over one
i  decided that i did not want to
industries  that cost so much in
once  i came began i realize that there are plethora other benee
just  the moral
if  i tell you there's a civil war going on in syria
there  were terrible things happening
somebody  ought to do somthing
be  quite right to feel weak and powerless that there's no difference
why  should you even try why should you
many  of the major moral ethical political quarters of our
on  such a huge scale with such enormous cost
for  you even to do research free to even visit fought even learn the language is
a  tremendous
unlike  so many of those large scale overwhelming
ethical  problems in our time in our lives
egoism
egoism  is the difference you can make each and every day
starting  today starting right
just  as easy as
five  minutes
when  you go to the grocery store to buy a collar
the  your buying a child agatha does not have no powder
as  opposed to a cocoa party to have no powder which is the same thing that lacked ostalric
people  to do every day and they do not feel open
when  you go back to the same grocery store the second time and the tenth time you don't understand five minutes doing that
again  because it'll be the same selection of candy bars you already know which ones are began and which ones are
that's  what we live with that's what our ethical code means in
but  there's a much deeper difference is a much
nothing  do with probabilities is nothing do with far flung future o
it  has to do with what kind of person you aspired to be
here